Git Commands
Day-To-Day Work
Cloning New Project
Pull from dev branch
Create New Branch
Checkout to Our Branch
Check Status
Add New File or Changed files
Check Status
Commit Changes to Our Branch
Push to Our Branch
Navigate to Azure and Raise Pull Request
Copy URL and send it to the Approver

Important
git checkout develop : Switched to branch 'develop'
git pull develop : Pull the latest Code to Dev Branch
git branch Enter New Branch Name : branch got Created
git checkout to New Branch Name : Switched to branch
git pull origin develop : Pull the latest Code from Dev Branch to My Local Branch

Cloning New Project
Go to the Project Folder where you want to do Git Init and Right click and select Git Bash
Git Init Project Name
 git clone [git@ssh.dev.azure.com:v3/Mlxvsts/QA%20Automation%20Phase1/Cority] SSH copy
Project Folder will be Created : P7112971@BLR-P7112971LP MINGW64 ~/Documents/MetrolinxProjects/Cority (main)

Checkout
Navigate to Project Folder and Right click and select Git Bash
Checkout to dev branch : git checkout dev

Create New Branch
Git branch Name : Creates new branch
Git checkout -b branch Name : Switch working directory to the specified branch. With -b: Git will create the specified branch if it does not exist.
Git checkout branch Name : Switch to our branch
git branch [-a] : List all local branches in repository. With -a: show all branches (with remote)
git merge [from name] : Join specified [from name] branch into your current branch
git branch -d [name] : Remove selected branch, if it is already merged into any other. -D instead of -d forces deletion

Fetch Branch Name
git fetch : Fetch changes from the remote, but not update tracking branches

Pull
Fetch changes from the remote and merge current branch with its upstream
Git Pull Origin dev branch
Git Pull Origin our own branch

Commit
git commit  -m "commit must have a message!" : Create a new commit from changes added to the staging area.

Status
git status : Displays the status of your working directory. Options include new, staged, and modified files. It will retrieve branch name, current commit identifier, and changes pending commit

Add
git add [file] : Add a file to the staging area. Use in place of the full file path to add all changed files from the current directory down into the directory tree


Stash
	git stash : used to store the changed or added data in a temporary storage file , which can be used or    removed later.
	git  vstash list - used to check the listed files stored
	git stash apply
	git stash pop - removes the files from the list or delete the stashed files
